Mom, hahaha.
Oh, dear.
It's over.
Go to the big gauze
Mom promises you
We will never be apart again.
Mom, this is Zhao Xiangru's means to frame you
You mustn't trust him
Even if you die for Meng Jie
He will never let Sister Meng go
Buchuan, it's you who are ruining my good deeds again.
Don't you just want to wait for Zhang Mengjie to die in my hands?
Kill Shen Guiying again
So as to monopolize the property of the Zhang family
Don't think I don't know what you think.
Zhao Xiang is still alive today
You are still provoking my feelings with Meng Jie
If you dare to touch Meng Jie today
I will never spare their lives
Come and bring people up
Daughter, save your mother